# Render Forest Plot

This function generates a forest plot visualization of disproportions
visualizing the results of
[`disproportionality_analysis()`](https://fusarolimichele.github.io/DiAna_package/reference/disproportionality_analysis.md).

## Usage

``` r
render_forest(
  disproportionality_df,
  index = "IC",
  row = "substance",
  levs_row = NA,
  nested = FALSE,
  show_legend = TRUE,
  transformation = "identity",
  custom_threshold = NA,
  text_size_legend = 15,
  text_size_axis = 15,
  text_size_strip = 15,
  dodge = 0.3,
  nested_colors = NA,
  facet_v = NA,
  facet_h = NA,
  legend_position = "right",
  point_size = 0,
  xcoord_lims = NA
)
```

## Arguments

- disproportionality_df:

  A data frame containing disproportionality metrics. Generated by
  disproportionality_analysis.

- index:

  Type of data to use for rendering: "ROR" or "IC".

- row:

  Variable for the rows of the forest plot (default is "drug").

- levs_row:

  Levels for the rows of the forest plot.

- nested:

  Variable indicating if nested plotting is required (default is FALSE).
  If nested plotting is required the name of the variable should replace
  FALSE.

- show_legend:

  Logical indicating whether to show the legend (default is FALSE).

- transformation:

  Transformation for the x-axis (default is "identity").

- custom_threshold:

  Threshold value for analysis (default is 1).

- text_size_legend:

  Size of text in the legend (default is 15).

- text_size_axis:

  Size of text in the axes (default is 15).

- text_size_strip:

  Size of text in the axes (default is 15).

- dodge:

  Position adjustment for dodging (default is 0.3).

- nested_colors:

  Vector of colors for plot elements.

- facet_v:

  Variable for vertical facetting (default is "event").

- facet_h:

  Variable for horizontal facetting (default is NA).

- legend_position:

  Where to place the legend.

- point_size:

  Numeric defining the size of the points, between 0 and 10. Default to
  0 scales the size with the log10 of the count of observed.

- xcoord_lims:

  Parameter to cut the IC axis. Defaults to NA for auto-setting. It
  should be in the format c(xmin,xmax)

## Value

A ggplot object representing the forest plot visualization.

## See also

Other visualization functions:
[`plot_disproportionality_trend()`](https://fusarolimichele.github.io/DiAna_package/reference/plot_disproportionality_trend.md)

## Examples

``` r
disproportionality_df <- disproportionality_analysis(
  drug_selected = "paracetamol",
  reac_selected = "overdose",
  temp_drug = sample_Drug,
  temp_reac = sample_Reac
)

render_forest(disproportionality_df)

```
