# Tailor Disproportionality Threshold

This function analyzes a data frame of disproportionality metrics and
categorizes signals based on specified thresholds.

## Usage

``` r
tailor_disproportionality_threshold(
  disproportionality_df,
  minimum_cases = 3,
  log2_threshold = 0,
  frequentist_threshold = 1,
  multiple_comparison = TRUE
)
```

## Arguments

- disproportionality_df:

  A data frame containing disproportionality metrics. Generated by
  disproportionality_analysis.

- minimum_cases:

  An integer specifying the minimum number of cases required to consider
  the signal. Defaults to 3.

- log2_threshold:

  A numeric value specifying the threshold for the Information Component
  (IC) signal. Defaults to 0.

- frequentist_threshold:

  A numeric value specifying the threshold for the Reporting Odds Ratio
  (ROR) signal. Defaults to 1.

- multiple_comparison:

  A logical value indicating whether to apply multiple comparison
  adjustments (e.g., Bonferroni correction). Defaults to TRUE.

## Value

A data frame with two new columns: `ROR_signal` and `IC_signal`,
categorizing the signals based on the provided thresholds.

## Details

The function categorizes signals into four levels:

- "not enough cases": when the number of cases is less than
  `minimum_cases`.

- "no SDR": when the signal does not meet the specified threshold.

- "weak SDR": when the signal disappear under multiple comparison
  adjustments.

- "SDR": when the signal remain after multiple comparison.

## Examples

``` r
disproportionality_df <- disproportionality_analysis(
  drug_selected = "paracetamol",
  reac_selected = "headache",
  temp_drug = sample_Drug,
  temp_reac = sample_Reac
)

disproportionality_df <- tailor_disproportionality_threshold(disproportionality_df,
  minimum_cases = 5
)
```
